# Nine-Cloud-Dream_BN
An expansive mod for Cataclysm: Bright Nights
### Mod Description
A world of immortal cultivation and the pursuit of truth has arrived due to the advent of the Cataclysm. In this frozen tundra of perfection stagnant and destiny pilfered, can anyone achieve the legendary dream of transcendence?
### Introduction
The foundation and inspiration for this mod was mainly the fantasy genre of Murim or Wuxia. Strictly speaking, this mod can be thought to add in a lower-tier immortal cultivation world to the already preexisting world of Cataclysm. Now, for the finer details. This mod adds four NPC factions to the game. These are, Absolution, Gushin Clan, Demon Cult, and Kingdom of Humanity. Of these four, only Absolution, which is simultaneously the smallest and strongest, has dabbled in the immortal path. The rest are pursuers of the martial path. The history of this disparate world has depth and undertones, but in the present era, when the player is active in the Cataclysm, much of the richness and vibrant colors have faded away. This is due to an immortal ever appearing exactly once in this world. Everything concerning the immortal and martial path was based on this one figure. This individual also arrived hundreds of centuries ago, thus, the majority of the lore surrounding the mysteries are mere legend and shreds of meagre truth.
### Further Details
Absolution once controlled the entirety of the martial world, reigning as undisputed sovereign. With the arrival of the Cataclysm, nearly all the factions that swore fealty to Absolution perished, and the remaining survivors are deeply unsatisfied at their current predicaments. Absolution pretends nothing is wrong and that the Cataclysm is a mere nuisance, but cracks are beginning to appear. The Gushin Clan was the number one supporter of Absolution. They acted as the de facto left arm of Absolution and was their ever-faithful lapdog. Except, not really. Throughout history, the Gushin Clan attempted several times to escape the clutches of Absolution, but it was no use. Who would aid them? Where would they even go? Perhaps, the Cataclysm is an opportunity... The Demon Cult has a troubled past, and their forces, which were already dispersed and slim, were stretched to their limit due to the Cataclysm. The Demon Cult hates everybody and everybody hates the Demon Cult. They aspire to the purity of the so-called "Demon." The Demon is a three-part existence. First, they are the mandate of heaven, the main protagonist who has the whole world revolve around them. Second, they are the human spirit, representing humanity between the concord and discord between heaven, earth, and hell as a semi-ambassador. Third, they are the overlord of hell, the "Demon" of the legions of dead. Throughout history, only one managed to elevate themselves to this status. The Kingdom of Humanity is a recently-birthed faction. They were formed around a few years prior to the Cataclysm. They are composed of people from various martial factions who were tossed aside because of martial ineptitude. They hold a belief that being able to punch and kick a little harder shouldn't warrant a superior status to another who punches and kicks slightly less fast. Simply put, they are those who have grown tired amd weary of the fabled martial world. Absolution never delivered on their promises of heavenhood, and it all seems like just another power struggle throughout the ages.
### Each Faction Questline (Minor Spoilers)
Absolution: Become an agent and gain a small foothold, nothing more. A martial art and spear is everything you get. Although as expected, the martial art is pretty powerful. Absolution is aloof. It cares little for outsiders. The real treasure is within the ruler of an Absolution camp. It is a treasure not allowed to outlanders... Unless you wage war against them and plunder the bodies.

Gushin Cult: Help incite a revolution against Absolution. Obtain a cool sword that turns you into an incarnation of thunder.

Demon Cult: Be accepted as the Demon of the generation and gain control of a Demon Cult settlement.

Kingdom of Humanity: Gain the veneration and applause of all the Kingdom's populace by becoming Chancellor. This is the only faction where you end up being welcomed in ALL the faction's provinces if you get on their good side. Unique dialogue for when you become Your Excellency, the Chancellor of the Kingdom.
# Mod History
2023.12.07. The four factions of Absolution, Gushin Clan, Demon Cult, and Kingdom of Humanity added.
